=== DB Design Scenario: Eurostar 2030

You are a DB (and AI, and ML, and BI) consultant and
your customer is the Eurostar company.
The Eurostar company operates trains and services (repairs)
the railway lines between London, Paris, Brussels and Cologne.
There are numerous challenges for the decade 2020 - 2030, and Eurostar
has decided to invest into a new DB solution.

There are several old and new routes to be considered.
For example, London St Pancras to Paris, and,
in future, London Stratford to Paris, and London Stratford to Cologne.
Also, some trains will terminate in Brussels, whereas others stop
in Brussels, and then continue to Cologne in Germany.

The DB design has to be ready to model train routes
with different stations to start from, and different stations to terminate at.
The routes have one start station, several stations in the middle
(referred to as stops), and one terminal station.

For each route, distance and journey time are to be stored.
For example, the 306-mile route London-Paris takes 2hrs 50 mins.

The company operates 20 trains.  On average, 16 are in operation,
and the others are in service (regular service checks and repairs).
Trains can serve different routes.
There are different trains.
Only the modern trains (introduced in 2016)
will be suitable for the new Stratford-Cologne route (because of track issues).

The company employs around 400 people in many different roles.
There are the train crews operating the trains.
A crew consists of two drivers, two conductors
(one is the head of the crew),
five service team members
(responsible for drinks and food), and two security guards.
Other employees are responsible for management and sales.

You will need to demonstrate that your DB application can
keep track of each train trip and the employees involved in the trip.
The company wants to process queries such as
"Show all train journeys where Mary Poppins was part of the train team".

Also, information about number and type of passengers are to stored
for each trip.  Then, queries such as
"how many students travelled from St Pancras to Paris in Dec 2016"
can be processed.
